Proofreading MO Guide (#11605)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/MO_DG/prepare_model/convert_model/pytorch_specific/Convert_Cascade_RCNN_res101.md

# Converting PyTorch Cascade RCNN R-101 Model {#openvino_docs_MO_DG_prepare_model_convert_model_pytorch_specific_Convert_Cascade_RCNN_res101}

> ## Downloading and Converting Model to ONNX

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Goal of this article is to present you with a step-by-step guide on how to convert PyTorch PyTorch Cascade RCNN R-101 model to IR. First of all, it is required to download and convert the model to ONNX.

## Downloading and Converting Model to ONNX
```

# Converting a PyTorch Cascade RCNN R-101 Model {#openvino_docs_MO_DG_prepare_model_convert_model_pytorch_specific_Convert_Cascade_RCNN_res101}

> Goal of this article is to present you with a step-by-step guide on how to convert PyTorch PyTorch Cascade RCNN R-101 model to IR. First of all, it is required to download and convert the model to ONNX.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The goal of this article is to present a step-by-step guide on how to convert a PyTorch Cascade RCNN R-101 model to OpenVINO IR. First, you need to download the model and convert it to ONNX.
```

cd mmdetection
```

> **NOTE**: To set up an environment, refer to the [instructions](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmdetection/blob/master/docs/en/get_started.md#installation).

* Download the pretrained [model](https://download.openmmlab.com/mmdetection/v2.0/cascade_rcnn/cascade_rcnn_r101_fpn_1x_coco/cascade_rcnn_r101_fpn_1x_coco_20200317-0b6a2fbf.pth). The model is also available [here](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmdetection/blob/master/configs/cascade_rcnn/README.md).

* To convert the model to ONNX format, use this [script](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmdetection/blob/master/tools/deployment/pytorch2onnx.py).

```bash
python3 tools/deployment/pytorch2onnx.py configs/cascade_rcnn/cascade_rcnn_r101_fpn_1x_coco.py cascade_rcnn_r101_fpn_1x_coco_20200317-0b6a2fbf.pth --output-file cascade_rcnn_r101_fpn_1x_coco.onnx
```

The script generates ONNX model file `cascade_rcnn_r101_fpn_1x_coco.onnx` in the directory `tools/deployment/`. If required, specify the model name or output directory, using `--output-file <path-to-dir>/<model-name>.onnx`.

> ## Converting an ONNX Cascade RCNN R-101 Model to IR

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Converting an ONNX Cascade RCNN R-101 Model to OpenVINO IR
```
